# MOHARA-Cover-Letter

I am a dynamic thinker with a genuine curiosity for learning new skills. Over the last four years, my studies in mechanical and mechatronic engineering (MMT) have honed my ability to solve deeply complex problems while satisfying my palette of curiosity with diverse topics from thermodynamic cycles in coal power plants to coding an algorithm for a line-following robot (a robot that follows a black line in any direction on one plane). 

During my final semester at UCT, I gained a profound understanding of my intrinsic personal value while working on a Systems Design project. My team of seven was tasked with designing a coal-powered power plant. Recognising the plant as a network of interconnected subsystems, I led the effort to develop a clear system architecture. By decomposing the problem into manageable parts and aligning each team member’s technical strengths with specific subsystems, I helped transform abstract concepts into actionable solutions. This experience highlighted my skill for seeing the "big picture" in complex problems and facilitating collaboration among diverse individuals—a skill I believe aligns with MOHARA's product development  approach.

In grade 10 I ended with low 60s for physics and math. When I said I want to study engineering my friends and teachers laughed and said I would not get in, a fire in my heart started. In matric I scored 96% and 94% respectively. My first lecture at UCT Bruce Kloot said the following. “25% of you will drop out in the first year, 25% of you will drop out after your first year, 25% of you will finish in more than 5 years and the remaining 25% will finish in 5 years or less”. Why is this relevant? This story shows I have displayed grit and I have overcome the obstacles in my way, I am not the top student in the class and engineering did not come easy or naturally I had to spend real time and effort to get through. I am young(ish) with a great deal to learn and being in an environment like MOHARA will allow me to develop my skills further but I also believe the culture and values of the company aligns perfectly with my character as a person and my view of the world, connected systems and people. 

My short term goal after my degree is to deepen my personal value as much as possible. I believe placing myself around professionals and a positive environment with the touch of creativity and innovation found at MOHARA will allow me to grow and meet my goal. My long term goal is to live a fulfilled  life and find my ikigai (https://positivepsychology.com/ikigai/)

I would love nothing more than to join the team at MOHARA, thank you for considering my application and have a good week. 
